# Alpha Testing

## DireDog

## Vision Statement
Motohub is the apex of the integration of social circles and event management and planning. MotoHub is for car enthusiasts who want to participate in sports car club events both locally and regionally. Motor sports club organizers can manage events, members and committees easily. Through MotoHub, club owners and event hosts can organize and distribute their registration documents and online forms, maintain their schedules, create budget plans and view up-to-date analytics and stats on their events and club members. MotoHub provides a user centric space for Club Members to interact with each other, and members of other clubs. They can sign-up for events and apply for club membership, view detailed information on clubs and events. MotoHub offers a space for Club Members to show off their vehicles and connect with other enthusiasts within the MotoHub network, by allowing users to list details on their vehicles and interests. MotoHub aims to be the one-stop-shop for all motor sports club organization and connection, to provide consistency and foster community.

### Website URL: http://motohub.azurewebsites.net

### Testing Accounts (if needed)
    1. Account 1, Username: test@user1.com, Password: Easy123.    
    2. Account 2, Username: test@user2.com, Password: Easy123.
    3. Account 3, Username: test@user3.com, Password: Easy123.

### Any other info needed for testing
So when working in a Club Admin role (normally assigned by you having created your own club) you can sign up people for your events. The idea behide this is that people who want to attend events, but are not registered on the site can still participate in the event and have their results recorded without needing to go online and create an account themselves. If you would like to create an account for yourself, feel free to enter your own email address when you sign up for the account. This will send an email to you with a code to activate your account. We do this so incase the person who is registered for the event by an Admin ever wants to sign up to see their results or register for future events with a MotoHub account they can choose to go back and recover their account. Check your spam folder, it may be in there.

All QR codes currently hold the ID and a character appended to it to indicate if the id is refering to a car to user. Eventually (like next sprint) these QR codes will be used to populate Event Result tables. Though feel free to check out the codes and see if they can be broken or display information it shouldn't.  

---

## Defect Reports

_[Defect]__ This is a good description of a defect or bug (prefix with [Defect]) where I will tell you what the conditions were for the defect to occur and then what the failure was.  Include:

    1. Starting condition, setup or scenario
    2. Steps to replicate the failure
    3. Actual result
    4. Expected result
    5. Remarks
    
    
Most importantly: __be specific!__

__[Deficiency]__ Report a deficiency with this tag.  A deficiency is a behavior of the application that is functionally correct (not a failure) but is deficient in some manner; or a feature or behavior that is expected but not present.  This can include a feature of the website that does not meet the expectations generated by the vision statement.

__[Presentation]__ This is how you can report problems with the application's user interface.  Is there something in the presentation that isn't clear, intuitive or an example of good UI design?  Do you like the colors, fonts, layout?  Does it make sense?  Don't be negative, be helpful and constructive.

__[Recommendation]__ Give the development team a recommendation.

__[ShoutOut]__ Give the development team a shout-out.  What did you like about the application?

---
Actual reports start here ...

## Rahevin

__[Visible User ID's]__ 

    1. When I click on another users profile I can see their ID in the URL.
    2. Log in, click events, click attend events, click on a user who is attending, see url, where it displays that user's ID.
    3. Actual result: Other peoples ID in the URL
    4. Expected result: Hidden ID in URL, so other users can't view them.
    5. Remarks: I would mess with the rout config so that it doesnt display users information in the URL.

Most importantly: __be specific!__

__[Broken "Back to List" button]__ 

    1. When I click on another users profile, and select Back to list
    2. Log in, click events, click attend events, click on a user who is attending, then on their profile click Back to List, display error page.
    3. Actual result: Redirected to error page.
    4. Expected result: Either return back to list, or make the button do something else
    5. Remarks: You guys could have a setting where if the user id does not match that of the selected profile id you can make the button invisible or redirect the user to another page. The same happens when you select the edit button on their page.

__[Editing Club Description in "Clubs for People who Dont want MotoHub Accounts"]__ I'm not sure if this is an issue, but I am able to edit the descriptions of club on this page. I don't know if you guys made the testing accounts admin or not, or if it's an actual issue.  

__[Redirect Error Page]__ Each button that redirects me to an error page the font and sizes are always different.

__[Unjoin Clubs]__ Allow users to unjoin clubs from specific club pages.  

__[ShoutOut]__ I really like the main page design, it looks like it took a lot of hours. 
