# Alpha Testing

## SquareOne

## Vision Statement
Our project provides a web application called LandingPad that centralizes bringing multiple social media platforms into one place. Unlike Hootsuite and Everypost that offer a similar package, LandingPad will display all news feeds on a single page format. Users will also be able to edit how they prefer to view their newsfeed, from endless scroll feed to next page formatting. Another one of these features include a writing platform, that allows writers to create, share, and receive feedback from friends which diverges from apps like Wattpad and Medium. Finally, users will be able to create a customizable experience by modifying options for profiles, connections, and display. LandingPad will save users time to catch up on all their news feeds on the most popular social media sites.

### https://landingpad.azurewebsites.net/

### Testing Accounts
    1. Users should register for their own account.

### Any other info needed for testing

Please don't upload documents larger than a megabyte

---

## Defect Reports

__[Defect]__ This is a good description of a defect or bug (prefix with [Defect]) where I will tell you what the conditions were for the defect to occur and then what the failure was.  Include:

    1. Starting condition, setup or scenario
    2. Steps to replicate the failure
    3. Actual result
    4. Expected result
    5. Remarks
    
Most importantly: __be specific!__

__[Deficiency]__ Report a deficiency with this tag.  A deficiency is a behavior of the application that is functionally correct (not a failure) but is deficient in some manner; or a feature or behavior that is expected but not present.  This can include a feature of the website that does not meet the expectations generated by the vision statement.

__[Presentation]__ This is how you can report problems with the application's user interface.  Is there something in the presentation that isn't clear, intuitive or an example of good UI design?  Do you like the colors, fonts, layout?  Does it make sense?  Don't be negative, be helpful and constructive.

__[Recommendation]__ Give the development team a recommendation.

__[ShoutOut]__ Give the development team a shout-out.  What did you like about the application?

---
Actual reports start here ...

## Tester's Name Goes Here
_Testers: Write your handwritten/typed reports by following this pattern_