# Alpha Testing

## SuperTek

## Vision Statement
For students of all ages and everyday people looking to learn a new skill, Skillify allows for users to search for top online courses from the leading learning websites, including Udemy, YouTube, PluralSight, and Khan Academy. The website allows learners to view and evaluate courses from the various different learning platforms based on price, rating, single skill or degree, and curate an experience that suits his or her needs. The website will save the user time and energy by allowing them to have all of the best options in one search, versus looking through each website individually. Also, they can see ratings from the various learning websites and based on Skillify's algorithm, as well as ratings left by users of Skillify. In addition, users are able to create an account and save their searches and refer back to them at later time.The website allows a user to find and plan a given curriculum that suits his or her needs, whether all of the courses be from one website, or from various websites that are recommended based on their previous searches or interests that he or she selects in a user profile. Unlike websites such as OEDB.com which has a search engine that includes several online learning platforms, Skillify will have more options in searching on different criteria and access to a more curated experience.

### Website URL
https://skillify.azurewebsites.net/

### Testing Accounts (if needed)
No testing accounts required. Users can search without an account, but can also register for an account which will give the user access to more functionality. 

### Any other info needed for testing
No additional information. 

## Defect Reports

__[Defect]__ This is a good description of a defect or bug (prefix with [Defect]) where I will tell you what the conditions were for the defect to occur and then what the failure was.  Include:

    1. Starting condition, setup or scenario
    2. Steps to replicate the failure
    3. Actual result
    4. Expected result
    5. Remarks
    
Most importantly: __be specific!__

__[Deficiency]__ Report a deficiency with this tag.  A deficiency is a behavior of the application that is functionally correct (not a failure) but is deficient in some manner; or a feature or behavior that is expected but not present.  This can include a feature of the website that does not meet the expectations generated by the vision statement.

__[Presentation]__ This is how you can report problems with the application's user interface.  Is there something in the presentation that isn't clear, intuitive or an example of good UI design?  Do you like the colors, fonts, layout?  Does it make sense?  Don't be negative, be helpful and constructive.

__[Recommendation]__ Give the development team a recommendation.

__[ShoutOut]__ Give the development team a shout-out.  What did you like about the application?

---
Actual reports start here ...

## Rahevin

__[Register as the same user]__ 

    1. Incorrect message display to user when trying to register as the same user.
    2. Create a user, log out, now go back to register, enter in all the same information and click register
    3. Actual result : Name rpotterclark15@mail.wou.edu is already taken. Email 'rpotterclark15@mail.wou.edu' is already taken.
    4. Expected result Name Rahevin the First is already taken Email rpotterclark15@mail.wou.edu is already taken.
    5. Remarks: should be a simple fix throught the variable display on what ever partial view you are useing. 
    
Most importantly: __be specific!__

__[Returned hours on Search]__ Hours on videos are returned in irrational numbers in terms of hours rather than converting into hours, minuets, and seconds. It is also unclear what the number to the left of that is? is it views? likes?

__[URL manipulation error]__ When I enter in a incorrect url link into the browers it returns a Server Error in '/' Application.

__[Table Titles/Column Names]__ There is not column names for the returned table in Search history or display results from search. I would also put the text from the search as one of the heads for the returned search that way users don't forget what they're searching for. 

__[Recommendation]__ Condense the Search History to drop downs of what was search so that it does clutter the page with searchs of the same text. 

__[Recommendation]__ Allow a user to clear their search history 

__[ShoutOut]__ Nice color usage, simple and not too complex. 

__[ShoutOut]__ Well done on the returned search results.